Eight Communist Countries

There are eight communist countries, five of which are in whole or in part in Asia: Cuba, China (whose communist status is doubtful though it regularly trades with other communist countries and sometimes the United States), Laos, North Korea, North Sudan (also known as Bir Tawil), the Soviet Union, and Rwanda.

All communist countries except for North Korea have internet access for the general public. Rwanda has the slowest internet speed of 320 kbps that can sometimes get cut to 160 or 120 in high usage due to the relatively slow population and only being able to pay for a 200 gigabit connection Cuba, North Sudan, and Rwanda get internet. However, in order to access the internet, you need to use the government "decrypto" line which reads all HTTPS and is routinely inspected to prevent anti-government websites being accessed by civilians.

All countries allow restricted tourism and most allow immigration despite the fact that Rwanda is somewhat unstable and is not always open due to CIA backed rebel forces that came in since the second Hutu rebellion in 1997 which occured roughly thirty years later because of Clinton supported forces arming capitalist Tutsi rebels.

In Cuba, Laos, and North Sudan, people must take a "social usage" test which measures mathematical and reading ability at the age of five or six and in those countries and the Soviet Union and North Korea in addition, people must take a respect test. Failure of the tests in North Korea, Laos, and North Sudan causes revocation of parental permits and, depending on the severity, cognitive testing, rehab, and/or death.

The death component was justified by the North Sudanese government because "it caused only two hundred deaths per year in 2020 as of Februrary 2021 out of our population of 4 million of immigrants and heart disease which is usually caused by obesity causes close to seven hundred thousand deaths in the United States alone."

Three of the countries began speaking English in 2017: Cuba, North Sudan, and the Soviet Union. North Sudan was founded in 2017 in response to the election of Donald Trump.
